# Power-BI


PowerBI 1


Complete the following tasks, using the following spreadsheet ISM 6419 Fall 22.xlsx

Build the data tables by importing the data from the ISM6491 spreadsheet into Power BI.  Note: It may be the case that one of the sheets in the spreadsheet is problematic.  If so, before you load the sheets, you therefore first have to inspect them.  You can fix the problematic sheet in the Power Query Editor and, rather than loading it directly, you therefore have to transform the data in it.
If Power BI has not created the links yet, link the sheets as follows (NOTE: To add a link between two tables, go to the model view, click on the field you want to link from, hold the mouse and drag it to the field you to link to):
Between Country  in Suppliers, and Country Name  in Countries
Between SupplierID  in Suppliers  and SupID  in Products
Between ProdID  in Products  and ProductID  in Orders
Between CustID  in Customers  and CustID  in Orders.
Add the calculated fields Gross Revenue by multiplying Qty  from Orders  by List Price  from Products, Cost  by multiplying Qty  from Orders  by Unit Cost  from Products, and Net Revenue by subtracting Cost  from Gross Revenue.
Create a visualization, that shows the Gross Revenue, Cost  and Net Revenue  by geographical area.  Choose a suitable visualization.  I should be able to drill down to get the information by country and by supplier in that country.  Give the sheet with the visualization a meaningful name and title.
Create a clustered column that shows Gross Revenue, Cost  and Net Revenue  by Product Name.  Filter out Olive Oil.  Give  the visualization a meaningful title.
Create a third visualization that shows the Cost and Gross Revenue  generated by each supplier.  Again, filter out Olive Oil.  Give the sheet with the visualization a meaningful name and title.  Add Country as a color.
Create a dashboard from the visualizations you created in 4, 5 and 6.

Power BI 2


Create a visualization that shows, for each product, the total Qty in an order and the total Net Revenue of an order.  The visualization should have two axes.
Create a scatter chart that shows for each product, average cost, average net revenue, and average order gross revenue, and the country that the product is supplied from.  Filter out Red Stripe.  The bubbles should have the name of the product on it.  Give the worksheet with this visualization a meaningful name. 
Create a visualization that shows, in a single chart and by Order Month and Year, total cost, total gross revenue, and total net revenue.  I should be able to change the chart by Product Name.
Create a scatter graph for customers with as dimensions average cost and average net revenue.  Animate this by Order Date
Create a visualization that shows one of the financial measure (Cost, Gross Revenue, Net Revenue) by country.  The user should be able to change the financial measure.
Create an animated visualization that shows Cost, Net Revenue and Gross Revenue by OrderDate.  Use OrderDate as the basis for the animation.  Do not show a trail.
Create an animated visualization that shows total Cost, Net Revenue and Gross Revenue by OrderDate.  Use OrderDate as the basis for the animation.   Show a trail.
